Yo, it's all here
All right.
It doesn't matter who you are or who I am
The important thing is that it looks so beautiful
No wonder my son is fascinated by you
He's my woman, you have to touch him
Ha ha.
Your woman, you don't look in a mirror
A little security guard grandfather
You are Ah Si
Isn't that right, Miss Ye?
None of your business
OK, toast, don't eat, fine, drink boy
Get him under control and come with me
Hey wait a minute you let me take him away
Are you crazy?
I see you don't cry without seeing the coffin
Hahaha, why don't I know where my son is?
Boy, if you want your mother to be fine, do as I say
You're right to threaten me
You can put it this way
you
Do you dare to touch me? Are you courting death?
Try moving me again and I'll kill you